INSTALL.md: add example for multi-config generators (#736)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: INSTALL.md

## Example of Installation

> The following example demonstrates how to install oneTBB for single-configuration generators (e.g. GNU Make, Ninja, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to install oneTBB for single-configuration generators (e.g. GNU Make, Ninja, etc.).
```

Reviewer: I'd also add a sub-heading there, maybe 

### Single-configuration generators

cd oneTBB
# Create binary directory for out-of-source build
mkdir build && cd build
# Configure: customize CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX and disable TBB_TEST to avoid tests build
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/tmp/my_installed_onetbb -DTBB_TEST=OFF ..
# Build
cmake --build .
# Install
cmake --install .
# Well done! Your installed oneTBB is in /tmp/my_installed_onetbb
```

### Multi-configuration generators

The following example demonstrates how to install oneTBB for multi-configuration generators such as Visual Studio*. 

Choose the configuration during the build and install steps:
```batch
REM Do our experiments in C:\temp

> cd C:\temp

Reviewer 2: If I'm not mistaken this directory does not exists by default

Author: Fixed

cmake --install .
# Well done! Your installed oneTBB is in /tmp/my_installed_onetbb
```

> 

Reviewer: ### Multi-configuration generators

> The following example demonstrates how to install oneTBB for multi-configuration generators (e.g. Visual Studio*), you should choose configuration on build and install steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to install oneTBB for multi-configuration generators such as Visual Studio*. 

Choose the configuration during the build and install steps:
```

```batch
REM Do our experiments in C:\temp
cd C:\temp
REM Clone oneTBB repository
git clone https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneTBB.git

> REM cd oneTBB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd oneTBB
```

REM Create binary directory for out-of-source build
mkdir build && cd build

> REM Configure. Customize CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX and disable TBB_TEST to avoid tests build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REM Configure: customize CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX and disable TBB_TEST to avoid tests build
```

cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=C:\temp\my_installed_onetbb -DTBB_TEST=OFF ..

> REM Build configuration "release with debug information"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REM Build "release with debug information" configuration 
```

cmake --build . --config relwithdebinfo

> REM Install configuration "release with debug information"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REM Install "release with debug information" configuration 
```
